The chances of qualifying for the Euro tournament have increased significantly, the chances of qualifying for the World Cup have also increased, so actually Banyon's tasks will have to be more holistic. From his appointment to the position, it is not certain that the football association understands it.
According to reports in Europe, UEFA has decided to increase the Euro tournament in 2028 to 32 teams. Already today, the Euros with 24 teams feels big and bloated, but UEFA President Aleksandar Ceferin promised the smaller associations better chances of qualifying for the tournaments , and he sustains.
The main meaning of the Euro increasing to 32 teams is that almost 60% of the European teams will play in a tournament that should be the most prestigious, promote excellence, and be a tournament in which every game is between teams that can compete against each other on an equal basis. A Euro tournament with 32 teams will feel like a product with diluted quality. All in all, it will be a concentrated qualifying tournament for the summer. What will the qualifiers themselves look like? UEFA basically kills their importance for most national teams.
The news about the possible increase of the Euro came on the day that the Israel Football Association decided to appoint Yossi Benyon to the position of professional manager of the senior Israel national team. The search committee included the chairman of the association Oren Hasson, member of the association's management Eli Ohana and football coach Eli Cohen. It is not clear what the members' level of expertise is in the new developments in European football.
Yossi Benyon, one of the greatest Israeli footballers, the record number of appearances in the Israeli national team (102 games), who was part of huge European clubs and a leading player in local football, is wonderful news for the mature Israeli national team and the ambitions to see it succeed in the upcoming Nations League and qualify for Euro 2024," Hasson said. "The selection of Benyon expresses the great appreciation of the committee members for one of the outstanding players of the Israel national team in the last two decades, and his being part of the future generation that will lead in key roles the development and cultivation of the national team.


