Crazy Teddy game. A performance by the striker and goals by Asperia and Toma gave a huge victory to the team of Yossi Aboxis. Kartsev, who was also sent off, and Zlatanovic only managed to shrink
After the long break, the 14th round of the Premier League continued today (Saturday), when Beitar Jerusalem hosted Maccabi Netanya at Teddy Stadium and dismantled the Diamonds 3:6. After the diamonds defeated the team from the capital (1:4) in the previous round, Yossi Abouxis' team achieved a sporting revenge with the performance of Ion Nicolescu when he finished with four and an assist. The Jerusalemites narrowly escaped from the bottom with a victory that will give them air to breathe and great optimism to continue.
The first half was perhaps the best half of the Jerusalemites in recent years. Aboxis' trainees started the game in a frenzy and after only three minutes Ion Nicolescu took advantage of the weakness in Netanya's defense and gave the signal for the celebration to begin. Seven minutes passed and again Nicolescu found the net, this time in front of an empty net and unnecessary provocation, when he waited with the ball on the goal line, hesitated and finally scored. The impressive ability of the Jerusalemites continued with every goal situation ending in the net. Nicolescu added an assist to Danilo Asperia in the 19th minute and Terzi Thoma sealed the result of the half with a great goal. On the other hand, Ran Kozhuk's apprentices played terribly and failed to stop the lethal attack of Beitar Jerusalem.
If the amazing first half wasn't enough, we got an even more amazing second half. The diamonds remembered to play and in a blitz goals by Aden Kartsev and Igor Zlatanovich brought Kozhuk back into the game. Aboxis' apprentices stopped attacking in the second half and in the 72nd minute, Zlatanovich completed a double with a shot from the penalty spot, but Kartsev's complete stupidity right after the penalty when he hit Uri Dahan without the ball and was sent off apparently prevented Netanya's comeback. Aboksis' hottest man continued to be the best player on the pitch and within ten minutes he completed a quick double in the second half and four goals in total to give the team from the capital the valuable victory and start the second round on the right foot.

















