A season that began with concerns about the club's future ended with a spectacle not seen in the capital since 2009. The Jerusalemites celebrated their eighth cup in history with 0:3 over Maccabi Netanya. Shua won the move that led to Nicolasco's goal (37), cooked for Friday (76) and sealed a magical evening with a precise penalty (90+6)
At the beginning of the current season, back in the days of Moshe Hogge, a heavy cloud hovered over the future of Beitar Jerusalem. If you asked the fans then, even the most optimistic would not have imagined that this season would end with an eighth victory in the State Cup. Tonight (Tuesday) the volatile season came to an end of Beitar with the club's biggest moment since winning the cup in 2009 - 0:3 over Maccabi Netanya in the yellow-black final at Sami Ofer Stadium. If we are talking about floating clouds, the flare shows from both fan camps
also reached the final of the cup . The game was stopped no less than three times in the first half hour, but when both teams got into the rhythm, the one who stood out above all was one of Beitar's heroes of the season - Jordan Shua. A wonderful action with the heel of the king of assists in the Premier League led to a goal by Yoon Nicolasco, which checked the - 37 was the first goal in the final. Ran Kozhoch's team, which was looking for its first cup in 45 years and another title alongside the Toto Cup it won this year, did not let up and kept getting opportunities. However, Beitar's Beitar was the one that punished as Shua, Again, he scored the second goal for substitute Fred Friday in the 76th minute. Shoa himself sealed the biggest evening of his career with a precise penalty six minutes into added time, celebrated with a somersault and gave the signal for the celebrations. Following the victory, Beitar Jerusalem secured participation in the second qualifying stage of the Conference League as early as July, along with Hapoel Beer Sheva and Maccabi Tel Aviv. Maccabi Netanya will be satisfied with the Toto Cup and compliments, and will remain mainly with a sense of failure for another loss in the final.










