Omri Glazer stopped Haziza, Donio and Chibuta in the penalty shootout and gave the Southerners 1:3 after 2:2 in 120 minutes • Ramzi Spuri (29) and Rotam Hatuel (70) put the team from the Negev capital in the lead • Azili on a penalty after Abu Abid A pass in the box on Jaber (56) and Vitor's own (87) brought the two-time champion back into the game.
Maccabi Haifa and Hapoel BS provided the best match of the season in the final of the State Cup. They had so many opportunities to bring it in the league, but most of the occupation was in fights and expulsions of small children. So it took time and the society matured and with that came football. It was a final that had everything. A battle between the two best teams in Israel, goals, dramas and overtime. BS led twice (Ramzi Spuri 27, Rotem Hatuel 70), Haifa did not give up and equalized (Omer Atzili on penalty 56, Miguel Vitor's own 87) .
There was also a celebration in the stands. It started at noon around the capital, in the Mahane Yehuda market and at the Western Wall, on the green and red notes there was only one request and that was to win the trophy. As if they let the one sitting in the heights decide and according to what was happening on the grass, he too was debating who to give it to. To the champion from the Carmel, the one who wanted a second double in history, or to B.S., for whom this is a consolation title after a difficult and long season.
But apparently someone thought of another, unusual script for this finale. Something that has never happened before. The preoccupation with the question of who will stand up for Maccabi Haifa before the game was great. Josh Cohen, who suffered a shoulder injury, or the third goalkeeper Roy Fox. Cohen came up in the lineup, but already in the warm-up he realized he couldn't play.
Fox accepted the responsibility and took it on his shoulders for 120 minutes, until the penalty shootout. Until the age of 23 he was mainly a third goalkeeper, and here is the State Cup on his shoulders. But apparently the experience took its toll. Amri Glazer stopped three penalties and took the trophy for the third time in history. Dolev Haziza, Godsvi Donio and Mavis Chibuta missed the moment of truth. For the sixth time out of seven times in history, Maccabi Haifa misses a double in the last minute of the season.

