You can open the champagne: Barak Becher's team beat Bnei Sakhnin 1:3 in the closing game, breaking a four-decade drought and winning an incredible title at the very last moment. Firas Moghrabi still silenced the stands with a stunning goal in the sixth minute, but Maor Bouzaglo (16), Maor Malikson (40) and Ben Shaher (77) reversed the result and determined that the trophy would go to the Negev, despite Maccabi Tel Aviv's 6-0 defeat of Maccabi Haifa. Barak Bacher cried with the final whistle.
For 40 years Hapoel -Be'er Sheva fans have been waiting for this moment. Tonight (Saturday), May 21, 2016, he finally arrived. Barak Becher's team knew they had to win to guarantee themselves an unforgettable win in the championship, they achieved it with a convincing 1:3 over Bnei Sakhnin and a week late can finally open the champagne and get on the stages. The Negev is blooming again, the south is hysterical.
It's been up in the air all week and just had to become official and final. After the big drama in the last cycle, the late goal of Eyal Mashomer and the corresponding victory of Maccabi Tel Aviv over Beitar Jerusalem, everything became more complicated for the leader. Despite this, Bacher and his stressed players already felt the plate at the tips of their fingers, and knew that all they had to do was not to screw up again at the moment of truth to swing it. The coach again warned against complacency, but he also knew that the train had left the station, and only one thing is written about his season - championship.
In contrast to Maccabi Tel Aviv's 0:6 over Maccabi Haifa, the thousands who came to Toto-Turner Stadium received a thriller from the first second almost until the last moment. In the sixth minute, Firas Moghrabi still silenced them with an amazing and surprising goal, but the remainder belonged entirely to the host. Maor Bozaglu quickly took Beer-Sheva out of shock (16), Maor Malikson (40) had already set up a turnaround (after Maccabi Tel-Aviv took the lead and temporarily climbed to first place) and Ben Shaher (77) had signed the last and all-too-sweet goal of the season this.
Beer Sheva's devoted crowd raised the level of madness this week. While his team went out to clear their heads in a shortened training camp in Ashdod, the fans made their way to Sakhnin to ask the local fans for their tickets. They knew they couldn't miss the moment when the long drought was broken. Today they got to witness this moment, provided an electrifying atmosphere and the tense moments they had to go through on the way to it only made it that much sweeter.

