The Israeli identified a broken defensive line, ignored the English attempts to stop and subdued David James. Watch one of the greatest goals in Rabivo's career, which turned Steven Gerrard's European debut into a bittersweet experience
If Steven Gerrard's ardent fans were asked in which match their idol made his European debut, they would surely reply "it was against Celta Vigo, sometime in the 1998-99 season". Well, that wouldn't be a mistake.
Exactly 17 years ago today, on December 8, 1998, Steven Gerrard made his European debut. The English midfielder was then 18 years, 6 months and 8 days old and he was the last man standing between Haim Rabivo and one of the most impressive goals of his career. stood between them, and was unable to prevent him.
It was the 1998-99 season and the factory was the UEFA Cup. Revivo's Celta Vigo got past Romanian Argesh in the first round and Aston Villa in the second round. In the round of 16 awaited Liverpool, who, while not a brilliant team, were still a big European name And another Spanish opponent had already passed in the previous round: Valencia of Claudio Ranieri, Claudio Lopes, Gaetzke Mendieta and Santi Canissares.
Ravivo was then in the midst of his third season at Celta Vigo, but in those days he was not at his peak, also due to injury. In the first game, a 3:1 victory In Blaidos, he was not even included in the squad, but in the same match striker Lobo Panev received a yellow card which caused him to be suspended from the match.
30,289 fans came to Anfield hoping to see a turnaround. At the break the score was still 0:0 and as the second half progressed, host coach Gerard Hoye sent midfielder Danny Murphy onto the field at the expense of defender Phil Babb. The Reds pressed, but in the 57th minute came the sting.
Steve Staunton tried to find one of his teammates on a deep pass, but the ball was stopped by Claude McCalla. The Frenchman passed to his listeners, received back from him and sent to the left to Rabibo. Liverpool's defense came forward two seconds before, and the Israeli midfielder spotted a disorganized back line in front of him. He raced forward, past Murphy, left Steven Gerrard behind and fired a right-footed shot into David James' far corner. "Now Liverpool's hopes have surely faded," read the English broadcaster, "the man who started in the lineup instead of the banished Panev, Rabivo, put an end to all Liverpool's hopes of recovery."