The peak of Ferguson’s managerial career came in the 1998-99 season, when he guided the club to the treble – the only English team ever to have achieved this feat.

After a slow start to the season, they would go on to win the league, though it was in the FA Cup and Champions League where they served up their most dramatic football, the type of which was by now known as Ferguson’s hallmark.

In the FA Cup, they were threatened with an early exit at the hands of Liverpool but scored twice in the closing five minutes to eliminate their great rivals. Then followed a thrilling tussle with Arsenal in the semi-finals which was decided in a replay, with Ryan Giggs famously scoring the winning goal after running half the length of the pitch by despairing challenges.

United’s incredible mental strength was on display in the Champions League, too. After eliminating Barcelona in a group that also contained Bayern Munich, Inter were seen off in the quarter-finals before the steel of the team became evident in the semis. Trailing 3-1 on aggregate away to Juventus, they appeared to be heading out before storming back to progress.

That fixture was notable for the performance of captain Roy Keane, who had received a booking that would prevent him from playing the final. The Irishman was emblematic of the combative spirit that Ferguson wanted to see from his players, particularly that evening in Turin.

“It was the most emphatic display of selflessness I have seen on a football field. Pounding over every blade of grass, competing if he would rather die of exhaustion than lose, he inspired all around him. I felt it was an honour to be associated with such a player,” Ferguson later told The Times.

The 1999 Champions League final was one of the most remarkable in history, with United scoring twice in extra-time through Teddy Sheringham and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer having trailed Bayern Munich 1-0 for the majority of the match.

After the game, Ferguson uttered one of his most famous phrases: “Football, bloody hell.”