Ryan Giggs has retired from playing for Manchester United to concentrate on being Louis van Gaal's assistant.
The midfield legend made 963 appearances for United spanning almost 24 years and on Monday spoke of his "immense pride, sadness and excitement" over his decision to become the Old Trafford No2 following Dutchman Van Gaal's appointment on Monday.
In an open letter to fans, he said: "I would also like to take this opportunity to announce my retirement from professional football and embark upon a new and exciting chapter in my life, as assistant manager of Manchester United. I am immensely proud, honoured and fortunate to have represented the biggest club in the world 963 times and Wales 64 times.
"My dream was always to play for Manchester United, and although it saddens me to know I won't be pulling on a United jersey again as a player, I have been lucky enough to have fulfilled that dream playing with some of the best players in the world, working under an incredible manager in Sir Alex Ferguson, and most of all, playing for the greatest fans in world football. I have always felt and appreciated your support."
He added: "For me, today is a new chapter filled with many emotions - immense pride, sadness, but most of all, excitement towards the future. United fans I hope will share and echo my belief that the club, the management and owners, are doing everything they can to return this great club to where it belongs, and I hope to be there every step of the way."
Giggs will be part of a coaching team also including the goalkeeping coach, Frans Hoek, and Marcel Bout, who joins as assistant coach. The futures of Nicky Butt and Paul Scholes, who assisted Giggs for the final four games of the season, are undecided although the club do acknowledge the valuable part they played in the backroom team.
Giggs said: "I am thrilled to have the chance to serve as assistant manager. Louis van Gaal is a world-class coach and I know I will learn a lot about coaching from being able to observe and contribute at such close quarters.
"Manchester United has been a huge part of my life and I'm delighted to be able to continue that relationship in such a key role."
Hoek is Holland's goalkeeping coach and has been instrumental in the development of Edwin van der Sar and Barcelona's Víctor Valdés. Bout has previously worked for Bayern Munich, Telstar, AZ, FC Volendam and Feyenoord.